---
date: 2020-02-03
title: Devlog 3 - Canadian Museum of Nature
summary: 


tags:
  - devlog

---

# Canadian Museum of Nature

Quick website update: I’ve been working to go through and clear all the old data from this site. With this clean slate, I’m going to 
work on improving my site with my content over the upcoming weeks. 

So, this week we visited the Canadian Museum of Nature. I won’t dwell too much on the objects we saw there, as I do not particularly 
like bones (sorry Prof. Graham) or taxidermy or anything else of that nature. Let’s just say not choosing to work with this museum was 
an easy choice for me!

That being said, the presentation and tour we got was very valuable. They seem to have similar problems with tracking objects digitally 
as the Museum of History (ex. lack of resources) but are addressing it in different ways. As in, they use different tracking systems 
and different types of metadata due to the types of material they work with. 

One problem that was brought up moreso here, however, was the issue of losing links to materials that ended up in different museums. 
Due to the split of the 3 museums, it appears a lot of related information got split up. Not only does this make reconnecting them 
immensely difficult, but even if they were found they would be listed in completely different ways on completely different systems. 
If this loss of links is so devastating for items in just two museums within the same city, I can’t even imagine how it must be for 
items split up in museums around the world. I hope one day we can get to a point that resolving this would be feasible.

On a bit of a side note, this also makes me worry for a lot of the collections in the Egyptian Museum which is being split up and moved 
to the new Grand Egyptian Museum. I’m curious how they’ve approached this with today’s technology to prevent similar issues. Maybe this 
total inventory is an opportunity to link objects there to objects taken from Egypt to other collections globally? It will be interesting 
to see how this plays out.


