---
date: 2020-01-20
title: Devlog 1 - What is a Museum
summary: 


tags:
  - devlog

---

# What is a Museum

What is a museum? Where is the line drawn between private collection and public museum? In the age of the internet, do museums have to be 
physical spaces? Does it make a difference? 

These are questions we've been grappling with in class all week. Honestly, the more I try to think about it, the less clear the answer 
becomes.

A museum appears to be whatever happens to be labeled as a museum. Yet, we all have a preconcieved notion of what a "museum" is. Growing
up, a museum to me was a building filled with "cool" objects and preferably had some sense of "cool" storytelling or interaction. This
is definitely a naive description, but it shows how much I associated museums with physical objects and spaces. Is it possible to have a 
similar or superior experience in a completely digital space?

The reading that struck me the most was the one on "calm technology" in museums by Cathy Sigmond. There is a saying that the best code is
unnoticeable code - basically code running in the background that does not bother the user with its complex functions. To me, this article
illustrates a similar principle of utilizing minimalist technology in museums. Her arguments make sense, suggesting a compromise between
physical and digital. Technology should be used to assist in the presentation of the physical spaces and objects, not steal the show. While
this seems like a great solution for many museums, my fear is this may stifle creativity and innovation. Strictly adhering to such 
principles does not allow for outside the box thinking and uses for technology in museums. As such, I find myself striving for a more
satisfactory answer.

