---
date: 2020-02-10
title: Devlog 4 - Canada Science and Technology Museum
summary: 


tags:
  - devlog

---

# Canada Science and Technology Museum

Update: Apologies for the delay in devlogs! I realized my entire website was not updating for 2 weeks. After spending some time 
troubleshooting, it ends up it was because I used a “:” in the metadata of devlog 2 instead of a “-“ (or any other legal character).
Oops! I really should be more conscious of this kind of error, as last week I had code not compile for hours because I used ‘ instead of 
`. Seems to be a trend with me!

Anyways, moving on to the museum reflection! This week was the one I was most looking forward to: the visit to the Canada Science and 
Technology Museum. A few weeks ago I chose to sign up to work with their materials, so I was a bit nervous to see exactly what they had 
for us. Fortunately, by the end of the visit I felt like I had made the right choice based off of what I wanted to accomplish in this 
course.

We are going to work with data involving historic survey markers taken from locations across Canada. Not only do we have information on 
where the markers were, but how they created them. In addition, there were some materials on who was involved in the process of putting 
them up and, eventually, taking them down.

Our group seems fairly split on who is more interested in the materiality of the markers versus the location, which is excellent! I find 
myself more on the location side of it, as I think GIS mapping these markers could be a fascinating starting point. These markers 
represent a very colonial claiming of land, and where they were placed in relation to each other could offer a lot of insight. 

In addition, my mind immediately jumps to adding a temporal aspect. To me, even more could be gained from the materials if we explore not 
only where they were placed but when and how frequently. Maybe creating a visualization of a time lapse map video to show the pacing and 
locations of markers as they were added would be of use? By extension, the same could be done for when they were taken down. 

Those are my initial thoughts at least. I think we are fortunate to have lots of materials to work with and a large group, so we can see 
where this project goes once we meet up again. Can’t wait to see how this turns out!
