---
date: 2020-03-30
title: Devlog 9 - jpg to csv
summary: 


tags:
  - devlog

---

# jpg to csv
As the title suggests, this week I focused my work on getting the handwriting.py to work. 

"In Class"
- This week, we read Marvin's presentation on Budgeting and Bookkeeping
- I found it was a really important topic to understanding how museums operate
- And I learned a lot!
- My biggest takeaway was that these articles reiterate the fact that classism is very ingrained in museums
- Just enforcing an admission fee is a means of shutting people out
- However, can this be mitigated?
- The lack of funding is clearly a concern
- Also lack of consistency in funding
- Museums cost a lot of money to maintain, let alone improve
- First to be cut when times are hard
- Also suprised by the lack of visitor data
- I would have thought it'd be relatively easy to get good data (especially with admission fees)
- Hard to figure out how to improve without decent data in the first place
- Another reason why data is important!


Project
- Finally got the handwriting.py program to work! 
- I was super excited to get to learn how to use this, because this technology could be useful for so many things!
- Happy to get a chance to implement it for our group project
- Had a couple issues with the installation of python (ie not reconizing it was installed)
- After about 5 installations I realized I needed to click the "not recommended" installation option and ignore all the warnings so that it would recognize it was installed
- Once that was figured out, program ran pretty smoothly!
- I used the .jpg images I took weeks ago from the museum of science and technology
- The program exported to a .csv file, which I uploaded to our group's google drive
- Data is a bit messy, but the fact that it's numbered makes it super easy to cross reference data!
- Took a look at the handwriting.py code, fairly easy to follow which was nice! (although makes sense since the "work" is done through azure
- Would be really fascinating to look at the code on azure's end. If only!


