---
date: 2020-02-02
title: Devlog 2- Canadian Museum of History
summary: 


tags:
  - devlog

---

# Canadian Museum of History

Apologies for the delay in the devlogs, I was having an issue syncing my github to my website.

In case anyone else is reading and having this issue, it ends up I accidentally deleted the closing “---” in my “author” index.md while 
I was clearing out the default text. This completely stopped my netlify page from syncing somehow. Who knew?

Onto the actual devlog: this week we visited the Canadian Museum of History and got a look at their storerooms and how they utilize 
databases to track their collections. 

What is very evident is the astronomical amount of work it would take to digitize and input all their collections into databases. I 
always knew it was a lot of work, but I didn’t quite imagine the scale of it until our visit.

It’s the physical human element that seems to be the greatest obstacle. The amount of people needed to digitize everything in a 
reasonable timeframe would be way outside of any museum budget. Not to mention everyone would have to be trained so that metadata
would be consistent, accurate, and helpful. The helpful part is particularly key, as one has to think of their audience. Is the 
database meant for museum staff, researchers, or the public? Key terms would differ wildly depending on that answer. 

I also asked the presenter about what time of data types go into their database. She said it is very mixed, which makes sense due
to the diversity of objects. However, I can imagine this also makes the database even trickier to manage, as in software consistency 
is the key to efficiency. 

Of course, there’s the time aspect as well. The metadata people would find useful 30 years ago probably wouldn’t be what we’d find 
useful today. Plus, software changes rapidly. Databases would have to be as easily transferable to the next database as possible. 
Otherwise, all the human work put into it could completely disappear. 

These are all problems that I have no solution to but are very interesting to think about. It seems to me the main problem in all this 
is the amount of human work needed to do this. Details of software can typically be ironed out more easily than the millions of hours 
it would take to input (or reinput) information into the software. One thing that would probably make it a lot easier were if metadata 
could be accessed and, if needed, changed in the warehouses. Being able to scan a chip or code by the object and modify data there 
rather than running back to a computer reduces one more step of the process. Experts on each particular object could also add 
information there upon visiting or seeing the object. Therefore, little by little more information and links could be added and 
modified.

Of course, this is only good if the software is able to be updated or ported with ease. That just comes down to good database design.

In any case, I’m excited to visit the other two museums and see what they have to show us. I’m curious to see how similar or 
different their processes are. 

Until next time!


